As an Artist Thomas Haferlach merges machine learning wizardry with music and multimedia art, exploring the realms of psychedelia from artistic and scientific perspectives. He founded Voodoohop, an influential art collective celebrated by São Paulo's art scene. Utilizing generative AI, Thomas crafts new musical expressions that blend high-tech in unexpected and glitchy ways. Born in Germany and ripened in the rich cultural milieu of São Paulo for over a decade, Thomas's music fuses minimalist electronics with the chaotic rhythms of Latin America and the calculated trippiness of Krautrock. His approach is a testament to the joy of creation, focusing on innovative hybrid experiences that bridge diverse cultural and technological landscapes. With the perspective of a Business/Researcher, after studying Computer Science & Artificial Intelligence at Edinburgh University, Thomas spent 9 years in São Paulo creating an art collective, while always keeping one foot in the technology sector. Thomas conceived and implemented a variety of interactive installations, combining his passion for art, research, and technology. After settling back in Germany, he completed a project which involved researching the future trends of Artificial Intelligence for the World Government summit. Since then he spent a few years researching and working with data-driven generative audio modeling. He built the open source platform Pollinations.AI which has the aim of making generative machine learning more accessible. Currently Thomas is working as a senior machine learning specialist at the music AI company Pixelynx founded by Deadmau5 and Richie Hawtin.
