# Pollinations

[To-Do ](Pollinations%209bc30012e1a04f94b4d6f045629f0631/To-Do%20b01cfd862514461a939d64a821230180.csv)

[Not Doing](Pollinations%209bc30012e1a04f94b4d6f045629f0631/Not%20Doing%207cc5e2f61e8147c2b0dfbb91b49d1eea.md)

- Make the runner into a self contained docker container.
    - It feels like the notebooks are losing connection really fast with
    - Can be run as background jobs on paperspace.
    - Can be run by individuals who want to contribute GPU time with a small application.
    - Can be submitted to some networks where people are already donating GPU time.
- Applying for grants
    - Dfinitiy: Hosting/storage etc can be done with dfinity. Not hosting GPU instances thoguh.
    - Algorand: NFT's etc, they have lots of money to give away.
    - Solana: Has lots of money, not sure if they would be interested as the focus is mostly on trading/hf-trading
- Social Impact
    - For faster spread, we can let users tag themselves in instagram/twitter posts. This can create a feedback loop.
    - Users can donate their GPU time, in exchange they will be credited with the created artworks.
- UI
    - Telegram bot.
    - E-mail might be also interesting.
- NFT
    - NFT's can be used for creating an incentive for supplying GPU's.
    - When pollination is created, an NFT can be created with combined ownership of 'miner' of the art piece and the one submits it.
- Paid Service
    - A paid service can be sold for faster access next to free and collab supported version.
- Serverless backend for communication
    - Currently IPFS node is used for communication between frontend and notebook instance. A serverless backend with SQS or DynamoDB + S3 can yield easier to manage backend with less cost.-
- Filtering
    - People will probably go for NSFW inputs, these should be blocked with a list of words so they won't be posted on instagram.

### Nice-To-Have

- A text input length limit and warning on the frontend.